NULL :
    In Java, null is a special literal that represents the absence of a value or a reference 
    that does not point to any object. It is the default value of uninitialized object references.

    🔹 Key Points About null in Java
            1> null can be assigned to any reference type (objects, arrays, interfaces, String).

            2> Primitive types (int, double, boolean, etc.) cannot be null.

            3> If you try to call a method on a null reference, you will get a NullPointerException (NPE).

            4> null does not have a type, but it is compatible with all non-primitive data types.

    Understanding Method Overloading :
        In Java, method overloading allows multiple methods with the same name but different parameter lists 
        (different types or number of arguments).
    
    public class text{
			public static void main(String[] args) {
				method(null);
			}
			public static void method(Object o) {
				System.out.println("am another object method");
			}
			public static void method(String s) {
				System.out.println("am string method");
			}
		}

    -> code demonstrates method overloading in Java, where two methods have the same name (method) 
       but different parameter types (Object and String). 

    + Which Method Gets Called?
            In method overloading, Java chooses the most specific method. Since String is a subclass of Object, 
            the method with String as a parameter is more specific than the one with Object.

    + If the method(String s) was removed, then Java would only have:
    -> Output : am another object method
       because null can be assigned to an Object

    + What if There Were More Overloaded Methods?
    -> Now, calling method(null); would cause a compilation error because Java can't decide between String 
       and StringBuilder—both are equally specific.

     Key Takeaways
        Method Overloading: Allows multiple methods with the same name but different parameters.

        Null Argument Resolution:

            If null matches multiple overloaded methods, Java picks the most specific type.
            If two methods are equally specific, Java throws a compilation error.
        
        Method Selection Order:
            Java prefers exact matches first.
            If no exact match, it picks the nearest possible superclass.
            If ambiguity arises, compilation fails.

